Oh
[Music]
you're me are going out tonight there's
something cute okay you always do what
Jennifer telling you to do it's just
that I like the same things that she
likes hey Jennifer you look really
pretty
why don't you just come by my place was
random this isn't really your house is
it
we can play mommy and daddy no we only
share your bedroom we have slumber
parties Jennifer is evil
I know no I mean she's actually evil not
high school evil
she was looking really cute to me lately
how is he tasting these days you are
never a good friend you could have any
play that you want
people know killing boys
the only murdered boys I go both ways
I will finish you if I have to okay you
can barely finish gym class
[Music]